---
title: Museum
---


I've already had many pages on the internet.  This is where I'm
keeping the ones I didn't lose over time:


## 2012-2015: The blog before this one <a class="button museum-live-button" target="_blank" href="/museum/blog.felipe.lessa.nom.br/" title="Live version of old blog.felipe.lessa.nom.br">see it live</a>

Commissioned on January 2012, discharged on January 2016, the blog
before this was based on WordPress.  It was managed through Ubuntu's
.deb packages on a machine on AWS called `banana`.

<a class="picture" target="_blank" href="/images/museum-wordpress-full.png" title="Full size image"><img src="/images/museum-wordpress.jpg" alt="Screenshot of my blog before this one">Left: My blogs home page at 2016-01-03.  <br>Right: Its main admin dashboard.</a>

Much of WordPress' power comes from plugins, and installing plugins on
that WordPress was a complete pain in the ass due to my incompetency
in being a WordPress admin and lack of motivation to better myself at
this task.  Thus, I've only used a few really essential plugins I
couldn't live without, which was Akismet for spam and CodeColorer for
syntax highlighting.  Posts had to be written in HTML and
CodeColorer's syntax I was never able to remember.

The difficulty in writing new posts wasn't the only reason why I
switch from WordPress.  As I'm not confident in my abilities of
keeping a WordPress installation healthy, it always bothered me that I
wasn't confident on my machine's security.  Finally, I never wanted to
learn how to create a WordPress theme from scratch, so my blog always
had that plain look that most WordPress blogs have.

I can't really blame WordPress for my lack of understanding of its
workings.  But at the end of the day, I'm not looking forward to
having to manage a WordPress installation in the future.


## 2009-2011/2015: My main web page for a long time <a class="button museum-live-button" target="_blank" href="/museum/www.felipe.lessa.nom.br/" title="Live version of old www.felipe.lessa.nom.br">see it live</a>

In December 1st, 2009, I went to Google Sites and created what would
become my main web page for the next 6 years.  Even though I kept it
up at `www.felipe.lessa.nom.br` right until when I set up this new
blog on January 2016, its was last updated on February 2011.  In fact,
that was the _only_ update ever made to that site since its inception.
Yeah.

<a class="picture" target="_blank" href="/images/museum-googlesites-full.png" title="Full size image"><img src="/images/museum-googlesites.jpg" alt="Screenshot of my main website before this one">Left: My Haskell course syllabus.  <br>Right: Gyroscope renderings made by yours truly.</a>

The site included a bunch of cool stuff I did back then:

  * Renderings of Physics lab's gyroscope made with Blender by me.
    Being my foray into 3D modelling, I'm still quite happy today with
    the end results.  But I'm definitely not an artist.  These
    renderings were used to complement my lab assignment and complete
    overkill, of course.

  * A tone generator Java applet where you could combine different
    waves and hear how they sounded like.  Also made because of a
    Physics class while an undergrad.  Pretty cool if I say so myself.
    I should probably bring it back to life in a future blog post.

  * Slides for the Haskell course I taught on my university.  People
    ended up losing interest over time, so the course isn't complete.
    Actually, I'm afraid of looking now at what I wrote back then :).

  * Slides and code for an RSS reader made with C#.  These are from a
    short 2h course I gave on my university's Semana Universit√°ria
    (university week), a week where teachers and students give courses
    and talks not only to each other but also to the community at
    large.  I learnt that day that it's difficult to make people keep
    up with you, but even if they don't they may still appreciate the
    experience and learn something.

As you can see, I'm quite fond of this website as it brings back many
memories from my days as undergrad.

You can still access the original site on its
[Google Sites URL](https://sites.google.com/site/felipelessa/), which
I plan on keeping up as long as Google lets me.  You can also use the
archived version of my museum by clicking the button above.

## 2003-2008: My profile page on python.org.br

I used to be somewhat active on Python's community in Brazil, and my
[profile page](http://wiki.python.org.br/FelipeLessa) is still up
there.

Its first revision dates back to 2003, while I still used the
nickname kernel-panic instead of meteficha.  Incidentally, it seems
I've decided to use meteficha there
[on February 2006](http://wiki.python.org.br/FelipeLessa?action=diff&rev1=7&rev2=8).

Its last revision was made on 200 TODO

## 2004-?: TODO

TODO

## Before those

These were not the only websites I put online, but I sadly don't have
any copies of them left.
